.TH "ew::DataflowCurve3E" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::DataflowCurve3E \- 
.PP
Explicit Curve Node.  

\fBew::DataflowCurve3E\fP is a node containing an explicitly specified curve.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/DataflowCurve3E.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataflowCurve3E\fP (\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP *i_network)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_data\fP (\fBew::Curve3\fP *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::Curve3\fP * \fBget_data\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::DataflowCurve3E\fP objects may not be copied or compared. There are private member variables.
.PP
Nodes of this class do not depend on other nodes, but other nodes can depend on them. They are valid if they have some faces.
.PP
Initially and when reset, the node is empty. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::DataflowCurve3E::DataflowCurve3E (\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP * i_network)\fC [explicit]\fP"This creates an explicit curve node. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi_network\fP The network this node should belong to. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "void ew::DataflowCurve3E::set_data (\fBew::Curve3\fP * data)"This transfers the curve data from the \fBew::Curve3\fP object to the node. Afterwards, the \fBew::Curve3\fP object is reset. 
.PP
\fBPrecondition:\fP
.RS 4
This node must not be a cached node. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP The object containing the curve data. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::Curve3\fP * ew::DataflowCurve3E::get_data () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the internal curve data. 
.RE
.PP


