.TH "ew::DataflowNetwork" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::DataflowNetwork \- 
.PP
Lightweight Dataflow Network.  

EW::DataflowNetwork provides the infrastructure for a lightweight dataflow network.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/DataflowNetwork.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataflowNetwork\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~DataflowNetwork\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long \fBget_cycle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::DataflowCurve3E\fP * \fBcached_curve\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::DataflowSurface3E\fP * \fBcached_surface\fP (const char *filename)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
To keep track of what calculations done by nodes in the network are up to date, and which need to be redone, EW::DataflowNetwork keeps a cycle counter. A cycle consists of an initial phase, when changes are made to nodes of the network, followed by a second phase, when updates of various calculations are made. Requesting updated output from a node puts the network into the update phase of the same cycle, if it is not already in an update phase. Changing a node puts the network into the change phase of the next cycle, if it is not already in a change phase. Initially the network is in the change phase of cycle 1.
.PP
Operations on a network must not be performed simultaneously in different threads. However, operations on different networks may be.
.PP
This class does not support assignment or comparison. It contains private members and undocumented members. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::DataflowNetwork::DataflowNetwork ()"This creates an empty network. 
.SS "ew::DataflowNetwork::~DataflowNetwork ()"This destroys the network. All nodes and other objects using this network must already have been destroyed. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "unsigned long ew::DataflowNetwork::get_cycle () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current cycle number. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::DataflowCurve3E\fP * ew::DataflowNetwork::cached_curve (const char * filename)"The first time this is called with a given filename, it reads the curve from the file, creates a new explicit curve node using it, and returns a pointer to it. Subsequently it increments the same node's reference count and returns a pointer to it. When the pointer to the node is no longer needed, the reference should be released with EW::DataflowNode::decr_ref_count. The cache retains a reference to the node, so it will not be deleted until all other references are released and the network is destroyed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP is the canonical name of the file to read. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::bad_alloc\fP 
.br
\fIEW::ErrorIO\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::DataflowSurface3E\fP * ew::DataflowNetwork::cached_surface (const char * filename)"The first time this is called with a given filename, it reads the surface from the file, creates a new explicit surface node using it, and returns a pointer to it. Subsequently it increments the same node's reference count and returns a pointer to it. When the pointer to the node is no longer needed, the reference should be released with EW::DataflowNode::decr_ref_count. The cache retains a reference to the node, so it will not be deleted until all other references are released and the network is destroyed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfilename\fP The name of the file to read. 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::bad_alloc\fP 
.br
\fIEW::ErrorIO\fP 
.RE
.PP


