.TH "ew::Dig3TableauSpace" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::Dig3TableauSpace \- 
.PP
Space Element.  

\fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP contains data for a space element of \fBew::Dig3Tableau\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/Dig3TableauSpace.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDig3TableauSpace\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP &a) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP &a) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBform_filename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBew::Transform3\fP \fBmain_view\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBew::Transform3\fP \fBslice_view\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshow_slice_in_main\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshow_lmks_in_main\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshow_lmks_in_slice\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlmks_symbol\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBlmks_col\fP [3]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBew::Dig3SetCurve\fP > \fBcurve_settings\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP > \fBsurface_settings\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP is a data structure that supports default construction, copy construction, assignment and equality comparison. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::Dig3TableauSpace::Dig3TableauSpace ()\fC [inline]\fP"This sets intrinsic and POD member variables to their default values. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "bool ew::Dig3TableauSpace::operator== (const \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ew::Dig3TableauSpace::operator!= (const \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER DATA
.PP 
.SS "std::string \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::form_filename\fP"This file containing the form data for the space. 
.SS "\fBew::Transform3\fP \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::main_view\fP"The view mapping of the main view of this space. The default is the identity transformation. 
.SS "\fBew::Transform3\fP \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::slice_view\fP"The view mapping of the slice view of this space. The default is the identity transformation. 
.SS "bool \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::show_slice_in_main\fP"\fCtrue\fP if the slice should be displayed in the main view. The default is \fCtrue\fP. 
.SS "bool \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::show_lmks_in_main\fP"\fCtrue\fP if the landmarks should be displayed in the main view. The default is \fCtrue\fP. 
.SS "bool \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::show_lmks_in_slice\fP"\fCtrue\fP if the landmarks should be displayed in the slice view. The default is \fCtrue\fP. 
.SS "int \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::lmks_symbol\fP"The symbol to use for landmarks. The default is 0. 
.SS "unsigned char \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::lmks_col\fP[3]"The colour of the landmarks. The default is [0, 255, 0]. 
.SS "std::vector< \fBew::Dig3SetCurve\fP > \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::curve_settings\fP"The settings for curves in the space. 
.SS "std::vector< \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP > \fBew::Dig3TableauSpace::surface_settings\fP"The settings for surfaces in the space. 

