.TH "ew::Form3Curve" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::Form3Curve \- 
.PP
Curve Element.  

\fBew::Form3Curve\fP contains data for a curve element of \fBew::Form3\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/Form3Curve.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBForm3Curve\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBew::Form3Curve\fP &a) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBew::Form3Curve\fP &a) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBfile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstate\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::Form3Curve\fP is a data structure that supports default construction, copy construction, assignment and equality comparison. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::Form3Curve::Form3Curve ()\fC [inline]\fP"This sets intrinsic member variables to their default values. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "bool ew::Form3Curve::operator== (const \fBew::Form3Curve\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ew::Form3Curve::operator!= (const \fBew::Form3Curve\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER DATA
.PP 
.SS "std::string \fBew::Form3Curve::id\fP"The id of this element used as a key to refer to this element and as a label. 
.SS "std::string \fBew::Form3Curve::file\fP"The canonical name of the file containing the data for this element, or an empty string indicating that there is no associated file. 
.SS "int \fBew::Form3Curve::state\fP"A code indicating the digitizing state of the curve. Its value is a \fBew::Form3::state_t\fP. The default is 0. 

