.TH "ew::View3Curve" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::View3Curve \- 
.PP
Curve Item.  

\fBew::View3Curve\fP is an \fBew::View3Widget\fP item to display a \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP, a piecewise-linear curve.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/View3Curve.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::View3Item\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBView3Curve\fP (\fBew::View3Widget\fP *\fBview\fP, int i_type=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_curve\fP (const \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP *cur)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP * \fBget_curve\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_color\fP (const unsigned char *rgb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBget_color\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::View3Curve\fP is a class without assignment or comparison. There are private member variables. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::View3Curve::View3Curve (\fBew::View3Widget\fP * view, int i_type = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"This creates an item. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIview\fP The view widget the item should belong to. 
.br
\fIi_type\fP The initializer for \fBew::View3Item::type\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "void ew::View3Curve::set_curve (const \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP * cur)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcur\fP A pointer to the new curve node to display, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP * ew::View3Curve::get_curve () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current curve node being displayed, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Curve::set_color (const unsigned char * rgb)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrgb\fP This points to an array of size 3 containing the new colour for the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const unsigned char * ew::View3Curve::get_color () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current colour for the curve. 
.RE
.PP


