.TH "ew::Dig3SetSurface" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::Dig3SetSurface \- 
.PP
Surface Element.  

\fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP contains data for a surface element of ew::Tableau.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/Dig3SetSurface.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDig3SetSurface\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP &a) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP &a) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshow_in_main\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshow_in_slice\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBfront_col\fP [3]"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned char \fBback_col\fP [3]"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP is a data structure that supports default construction, copy construction, assignment and equality comparison. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::Dig3SetSurface::Dig3SetSurface ()\fC [inline]\fP"This sets intrinsic member variables to their default values. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "bool ew::Dig3SetSurface::operator== (const \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool ew::Dig3SetSurface::operator!= (const \fBew::Dig3SetSurface\fP & a) const\fC [inline]\fP"Compares this element with another, member by member. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIa\fP the other element 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER DATA
.PP 
.SS "std::string \fBew::Dig3SetSurface::id\fP"The \fBew::Form3Surface::id\fP of the surface this field should apply to. 
.SS "bool \fBew::Dig3SetSurface::show_in_main\fP"\fCtrue\fP if the surface should be displayed in the main view. The default is \fCtrue\fP. 
.SS "bool \fBew::Dig3SetSurface::show_in_slice\fP"\fCtrue\fP if the surface should be displayed in the slice view. The default is \fCtrue\fP. 
.SS "unsigned char \fBew::Dig3SetSurface::front_col\fP[3]"The colour of the front side of the surface. The default is [128, 128, 128]. 
.SS "unsigned char \fBew::Dig3SetSurface::back_col\fP[3]"The colour of the back side of the surface. The default is [128, 128, 128]. 

