.TH "ew::DataflowSurface3E" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::DataflowSurface3E \- 
.PP
Explicit Surface Node.  

\fBew::DataflowSurface3E\fP is a node containing an explicitly specified surface.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/DataflowSurface3E.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataflowSurface3E\fP (\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP *i_network)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_data\fP (\fBew::Surface3\fP *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::Surface3\fP * \fBget_data\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::DataflowSurface3E\fP objects may not be copied or compared. There are private member variables.
.PP
Nodes of this class do not depend on other nodes, but other nodes can depend on them. They are valid if they have some faces.
.PP
Initially and when reset, the node is empty. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::DataflowSurface3E::DataflowSurface3E (\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP * i_network)\fC [explicit]\fP"This creates an explicit surface node. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi_network\fP The network this node should belong to. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "void ew::DataflowSurface3E::set_data (\fBew::Surface3\fP * data)"This transfers the surface data from the \fBew::Surface3\fP object to the node. Afterwards, the \fBew::Surface3\fP object is reset. 
.PP
\fBPrecondition:\fP
.RS 4
This node must not be a cached node. 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP The object containing the surface data. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::Surface3\fP * ew::DataflowSurface3E::get_data () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the internal surface data. 
.RE
.PP


