.TH "ew::DataflowCurve3" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::DataflowCurve3 \- 
.PP
Curve Node Base Class.  

\fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP is the base class for nodes containing piecewise-linear curves in \fBR\fP^3.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/DataflowCurve3.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::DataflowNode\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBew::DataflowCurve3E\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_num_points\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_num_edges\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const float * \fBget_points\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const int * \fBget_edges\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::Bbox3\fP * \fBget_bbox\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmake_index\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBindex_is_made\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBproject\fP (int *edge, double *coeffs, double *tangent, double *proj, const double *inp) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::DataflowCurve3\fP is a class without assignment or comparison. There are private member variables.
.PP
For efficient rendering of the same curve in multiple windows, an OpenGL display list is constructed containing the basic curve geometry commands. All windows displaying a given curve must share display lists. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "int ew::DataflowCurve3::get_num_points () const\fC [inline]\fP"This will force the network into an updating phase. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The number of points used in the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ew::DataflowCurve3::get_num_edges () const\fC [inline]\fP"This will force the network into an updating phase. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The number of triangular edges in the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const float * ew::DataflowCurve3::get_points () const\fC [inline]\fP"This will force the network into an updating phase. The pointer is valid until the node or a dependency of the node is changed. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the coordinates of the points used in the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const int * ew::DataflowCurve3::get_edges () const\fC [inline]\fP"This will force the network into an updating phase. The pointer is valid until the node or a dependency of the node is changed. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the indices of the points used in the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::Bbox3\fP * ew::DataflowCurve3::get_bbox () const\fC [inline]\fP"The pointer is valid until the node or a dependency of the node is changed. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the bounding box of the curve. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::DataflowCurve3::make_index () const\fC [inline]\fP"This makes the curve spatial index if it has not already been made since the curve was last changed. The spatial index is used by \fBproject\fP. 
.SS "bool ew::DataflowCurve3::index_is_made () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fCtrue\fP if the curve spatial index is up to date. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double ew::DataflowCurve3::project (int * edge, double * coeffs, double * tangent, double * proj, const double * inp) const"This finds the nearest point on the curve to a given point. The curve spatial index will be made if it has not already been made. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIedge\fP The index of the edge of the curve containing the nearest point. 
.br
\fIcoeffs\fP The coefficients of the nearest point when expressed as a linear combination of the vertices of the edge. 
.br
\fItangent\fP The interpolated tangent at the nearest point. If a sensible tangent cannot be calculated, an arbitrary unit vector is returned. 
.br
\fIproj\fP The coordinates of the nearest point on the curve. 
.br
\fIinp\fP The coordinates of the original point. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The distance from the original point to the projected point. 
.RE
.PP


