.TH "ew::View3Surface" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::View3Surface \- 
.PP
Surface Item.  

\fBew::View3Surface\fP is an \fBew::View3Widget\fP item to display a \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP, a triangulated surface.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/View3Surface.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::View3Item\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBView3Surface\fP (\fBew::View3Widget\fP *\fBview\fP, int i_type=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_surface\fP (const \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP *sur)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP * \fBget_surface\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_front_color\fP (const unsigned char *rgb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBget_front_color\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_back_color\fP (const unsigned char *rgb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBget_back_color\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::View3Surface\fP is a class without assignment or comparison. There are private member variables. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::View3Surface::View3Surface (\fBew::View3Widget\fP * v, int i_type = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"This creates an item. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIv\fP The view widget the item should belong to. 
.br
\fItype_i\fP The initializer for \fBew::View3Item::type\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "void ew::View3Surface::set_surface (const \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP * s)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP A pointer to the new surface node to display, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::DataflowSurface3\fP * ew::View3Surface::get_surface () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current surface node being displayed, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Surface::set_front_color (const unsigned char * rgb)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrgb\fP This points to an array of size 3 containing the new colour for the front of the surface. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const unsigned char * ew::View3Surface::get_front_color () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current colour for the front of the surface. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Surface::set_back_color (const unsigned char * rgb)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrgb\fP This points to an array of size 3 containing the new colour for the back of the surface. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const unsigned char * ew::View3Surface::get_back_color () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current colour for the back of the surface. 
.RE
.PP


