.TH "ew::View3Landmarks" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::View3Landmarks \- 
.PP
Landmarks Item.  

\fBew::View3Landmarks\fP is an \fBew::View3Widget\fP item to display the landmarks in a \fBew::DataflowForm3\fP.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/View3Landmarks.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBew::View3Item\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBsymbol_t\fP { \fBSYMBOL_CROSS\fP, \fBSYMBOL_CIRCLE\fP, \fBSYMBOL_DOT\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBView3Landmarks\fP (\fBew::View3Widget\fP *\fBview\fP, int i_type=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_form\fP (const \fBew::DataflowForm3\fP *frm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBew::DataflowForm3\fP * \fBget_form\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_color\fP (const unsigned char *rgb)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const unsigned char * \fBget_color\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_highlight\fP (int ps, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_highlight_ps\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_highlight_i\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_symbol\fP (int sym)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_symbol\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const int \fBN_SYMBOLS\fP = 3"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const char *const \fBsymbol_names\fP []"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::View3Landmarks\fP is a class without assignment or comparison. There are private member variables. 
.SH MEMBER ENUMERATIONS
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBew::View3Landmarks::symbol_t\fP"These are the possible values for \fBset_symbol\fP and \fBget_symbol\fP. The first, with value zero, is \fBSYMBOL_CROSS\fP. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fISYMBOL_CROSS \fP\fP
A cross symbol. 
.TP
\fB\fISYMBOL_CIRCLE \fP\fP
A circle symbol. 
.TP
\fB\fISYMBOL_DOT \fP\fP
A dot symbol. 
.SH CONSTRUCTORS AND DESCTRUCTORS
.PP 
.SS "ew::View3Landmarks::View3Landmarks (\fBew::View3Widget\fP * i_view, int i_type = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"This creates an item. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIview_i\fP The view widget the item should belong to. 
.br
\fItype_i\fP The initializer for \fBew::View3Item::type\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "void ew::View3Landmarks::set_form (const \fBew::DataflowForm3\fP * frm)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfrm\fP A pointer to the new form node to display, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::DataflowForm3\fP * ew::View3Landmarks::get_form () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current form node being displayed, or 0. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Landmarks::set_color (const unsigned char * rgb)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrgb\fP This points to an array of size 3 containing the new colour for the landmark symbols. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const unsigned char * ew::View3Landmarks::get_color () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the current colour for the landmark symbols. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Landmarks::set_highlight (int ps, int i)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIps\fP The pointset of the landmark to highlight. 
.br
\fIi\fP The index of the landmark within the pointset of the landmark to highlight. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ew::View3Landmarks::get_highlight_ps () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The currently highlighted pointset index, or -1. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ew::View3Landmarks::get_highlight_i () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The currently highlighted landmark index within the pointset, or -1. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Landmarks::set_symbol (int sym)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsym\fP The new landmark symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ew::View3Landmarks::get_symbol () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current landmark symbol. 
.RE
.PP

.SH MEMBER DATA
.PP 
.SS "const int \fBew::View3Landmarks::N_SYMBOLS\fP = 3\fC [static]\fP"They number of possible \fBsymbol_t\fP values. 
.SS "const char *const \fBew::View3Landmarks::symbol_names\fP\fC [static]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
  'cross',
  'circle',
  'dot',
  0
}
.fi
The names of the \fBsymbol_t\fP choices. 

