.TH "ew::View3Item" 3 "4.20100927" "EW Library" "EW Library"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ew::View3Item \- 
.PP
Item Base Class.  

\fBew::View3Item\fP is the base class for items displayed in ew::View_widget.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ew/View3Item.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBew::View3Curve\fP, \fBew::View3Image\fP, \fBew::View3Landmarks\fP, and \fBew::View3Surface\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBget_state\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBset_state\fP (bool st)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBew::Bbox3\fP * \fBget_bbox\fP ()=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_index\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP *const \fBnetwork\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBew::View3Widget\fP *const \fBview\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBtype\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.PP
\fBew::View3Item\fP is a class without assignment or comparison. There are private member variables.
.PP
Items must be created with \fCnew\fP and then belong to the \fBew::View3Widget\fP. They must only be deleted indirectly with the \fBdestroy\fP method. Remaining items will be automatically deleted when the \fBew::View3Widget\fP is destroyed. 
.SH MEMBER FUNCTIONS
.PP 
.SS "bool ew::View3Item::get_state () const\fC [inline]\fP"An item is displayed iff the state is \fCtrue\fP. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current state of the item. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Item::set_state (bool i)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP The new state of the item. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBew::Bbox3\fP * ew::View3Item::get_bbox ()\fC [pure virtual]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to a bounding box for the item as currently being displayed. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ew::View3Item::get_index () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current index of the item in the widget's item list. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void ew::View3Item::destroy ()\fC [inline]\fP"This removes the item from the widget and destroys it. 
.SH MEMBER DATA
.PP 
.SS "\fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP *const \fBew::View3Item::network\fP"This points to the \fBew::DataflowNetwork\fP that the \fBview\fP was created with. 
.SS "\fBew::View3Widget\fP *const \fBew::View3Item::view\fP"This points to the \fBew::View3Widget\fP the this \fBew::View3Item\fP was created with. 
.SS "const int \fBew::View3Item::type\fP"This is an arbitrary value supplied in the constructor. It is client data, not touched by \fBew::View3Item\fP or \fBew::View3Widget\fP. 

